The numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial.
President Kennedy was the fastest random speaker in the world with upwards of 350 words per minute.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles represents the number of varieties of pickles the company once had.
A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread.
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day.
The most common name in the world is Muhammed.
Karaoke means'empty orchestra' in Japanese.
The average person will spend six months of their life waiting for red lights to turn green.
You can hear a blue whale's heartbeat from two miles away.
Subway footlongs aren't a foot long.
There are only three countries in the world that don't use the metric system. (The United States, Liberia, and Burma).
Space smells like a combination of diesel fuel and barbecue, according to astronauts. The smell is caused by dying stars.
Double Stuf Oreos are only 1.86 times as 'stuffed' as classic Oreos.
Psychology is the brain trying to comprehend itself.
The average four year-old child asks over four hundred questions a day.
If the human brain were a computer, it could perform 38 thousand-trillion operations per second. The world's most powerful supercomputer, BlueGene , can manage only .002% of that.
The world's longest musical piece lasts 639 years.
There are more lifeforms living on your skin than there are people on the planet.
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand and draw with the other at the same time.
Caterpillars completely liquify as they transform into moths.
If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
The average person walks the equivalent of three times around the world in a lifetime.
The tongue is the strongest muscle in the human body.
A 'jiffy' is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
In an average NFL football game, there are only about 12 minutes of actual play time.
Neutron stars can spin 600 times per second.
In 3.75 billion years the Milky Way and Andromeda Galaxy will collide.
Black and White are not colors. Black is only the absence of light, while White is the absence of color.
Cherophobia is an irrational fear of fun or happiness.
7% of American adults believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows.
If Pinocchio says 'my nose will grow now', it would cause a paradox.
The Galapagos Penguin is the only penguin species that ventures north of the equator in the wild.
There are no Penguins living at the North Pole.
While other birds have wings for flying, penguins have adapted flippers to help them swim in the water.
The Emperor Penguin is the tallest of all penguin species, reaching as tall as 120 cm (47 in) in height.
Little Blue Penguins are the smallest type of penguin, averaging around 33 cm (13 in) in height.
The heart of a shrimp is located in its head.
It is possible to hypnotize a frog by placing it on its back and gently stroking its stomach.
It takes a sloth two weeks to digest its food.
The Unicorn Is the National Animal of Scotland.
The Aurora Borealis has a sister phenomenon in the southern hemisphere called the Aurora Australis.
Your funny bone is actually a nerve.
A California woman tried to sue the makers of Cap'N'Crunch after she learned Crunch Berries were not real berries.
Cap'N'Crunch's full name is Horatio Magellan Crunch.
The cracking sound your joints make is the sound of gases being released.
The largest snowflake on record was 15 inches wide.
Someone tried to sell New Zealand on eBay but was stopped once the bid reached $3,000.
This punctuation mark ?! is called an interrobang.
Doritos are flammable and can be used as kindling.
You can buy Eel flavored ice cream in Japan.
The average hummingbird has a heart rate of more than 1,200 beats per minute.
Statistically, 54 million people who are alive right now will die within 12 months.
It rains diamonds on Saturn and Jupiter.
Cotton Candy was invented by a dentist.
You can't breathe and swallow at the same time.
Australia is larger in diameter than Pluto.
An octopus has three hearts.
High heels were first designed for men.
Rejection and physical pain are the same to your brain. Mu-opioid sensory receptors are activated when you are rejected, and the same receptors 'work' when you feel pain.
Adding salt to a pineapple will actually cause it to taste sweeter. It reduces the bitterness of the fruit.
In Switzerland, it is illegal to keep just one guinea pig.
In the U.S., there's an official Rock Paper Scissors League.
Canadians say 'sorry' so much that The Apology Act was passed in 2009, declaring that an apology can't be used as evidence of admission of guilt.
Army ants build living bridges by linking their bodies to span gaps and create shortcuts across rainforests.
In Queensland, Australia, it's illegal to own a pet rabbit unless you're a magician.
Sea otters have a pouch under their forearm to store their favorite rocks.
All colors of Froot Loops have the same flavor.
Ketchup was sold as medicine in the 1830s.
Every year on Aug. 5, the Mars Curiosity rover sings itself a sad, solitary 'Happy Birthday.'
There are turtle tunnels in Japan to save them from being run over by trains.
A cow-bison hybrid is called a 'beefalo'.
Johnny Appleseed's fruits weren't for eating.
Scotland has 421 words for 'snow'.
Samsung tests phone durability with a butt-shaped robot.
Peanuts aren't technically nuts.
Armadillo shells are bulletproof.
Octopuses lay 56,000 eggs at a time.
Cats have fewer toes on their back paws.
Kleenex tissues were originally intended for gas masks.
Blue whales eat half a million calories in one mouthful.
That tiny pocket in jeans was designed to store pocket watches.
Most Disney characters wear gloves to keep animation simple.
The man with the world's deepest voice can make sounds humans can't hear.
The American flag was designed by a high school student.
Cows don't have upper front teeth.
Only a quarter of the Sahara Desert is sandy.
There were active volcanoes on the moon when dinosaurs were alive.
The # symbols' official name is the octothorpe.
Movie trailers originally played after the movie.
Mercedes invented a car controlled by joystick.
The U.S. government saved every public tweet from 2006 through 2017.
The CIA headquarters has its own Starbucks, but baristas don't write names on the cups.
Giraffe tongues can be 20 inches long.
The inventor of the microwave appliance only received $2 for his discovery.
Medical errors are one of the top causes of death.
Sloths have more neck bones than giraffes.
Ancient Egyptians used dead mice to ease toothaches.
Paint used to be stored in pig bladders.
Beethoven never knew how to multiply or divide.
Japan released sushi-inspired KitKats.
Your brain synapses shrink while you sleep.
A waffle iron inspired one of the first pairs of Nikes.
The French-language Scrabble World Champion doesn't speak French.
There was a woman who called the police when her ice cream didn't have enough sprinkles.
170-year-old bottles of champagne were found at the bottom of the Baltic Sea.
40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
You are born with 300 bones, by the time you are an adult you will have 206.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it.