The government is excellent and uses your tax dollars efficiently.
And the Lord said unto John, "Come forth and you will receive eternal life, but John came fifth, and won a toaster.
When I see lovers' names carved in a tree, I don't think it's sweet. I just think it's surprising how many people bring a knife on a date.
Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time.
My drug test came back negative. My dealer sure has some explaining to do.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, "This changes everything".
I was gonna tell a time travelling joke but you guys didn't like it
My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas.
Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
To the man on crutches, dressed in camouflage, who stole my wallet - you can hide, but you can't run.
I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me.
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
If your parachute doesn't deploy, you have the rest of your life to fix it.
I just saw some idiot at the gym put a water bottle in the Pringles holder on the treadmill.
English puns make me feel numb, but math puns make me feel number.
If every letter "t" was silent, we'd never hear the end of it.
I hate those people who bang on your door and tell you how you need to be "saved" or you'll "burn". Stupid firemen
The guy who invented autocorrect can burn in hello.
I just made up a new word: plagiarism.
I hate it when you sincerely compliment someone's mustache and suddenly she's not your friend anymore.
To all the people out there suffering with paranoia just remember, you're not alone.
I've started carrying a gun after an attempted mugging a few years ago and since then, my mugging attempts have been a lot more successful.
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
To the guy who invented the number zero, thanks for nothing.
Sign language is the least spoken language in the world.
I put the 'sexy' in dyslexia.
Standing in the park, I was wondering why a Frisbee gets larger the closer it gets. Then it hit me.
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.
Just heard an inmate with a stutter died in prison before he could finish his sentence.
It took me a long time to figure out I'm a slow learner.
Apparently, when you go to donate blood it's supposed to be YOUR blood.
Accordion to a study, 93% won't notice if a word has been replaced with an instrument.
It's okay password, I'm insecure too.
I have a pen that can write underwater as well as other words too.
Women only call me ugly until they find out how much money I make, then they call me ugly and poor.
i only use lower case letters because i hate capitalism
I swear I wasn't lying, I was just writing fiction with my mouth again.
I can totally keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to who can't.
Always remember: You're just as unique as everybody else.
Five out of six scientists agree that Russian Roulette is safe.
I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, 'Well, that's not going to happen.
Just so everybody's clear, I'm going to put my glasses on.
Never trust math teachers who use graph paper. They're always plotting something.
I named my dog 8 miles so I can tell people that I walk 8 miles every single day.
What's the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale? A northern fairytale begins 'Once upon a time' A southern fairytale begins 'Y'all ain't gonna believe this'
I just burned 2,000 calories. That's the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.
I can tell people are judgmental just by looking at them.
I installed a skylight. The people who live above me are furious.
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
The easiest job in the world has to be coroner. What's the worst thing that could happen? If everything goes wrong, maybe you'd get a pulse.
I have all the money I'll ever need... if I die by 3:00 p.m. this afternoon.
One day Jimmy got home early from school and his mom asked, "Why are you home so early?" He answered, "Because I was the only one that answered a question in my class." She said, "Wow, my son is a genius. What was the question?" Jimmy replied, "The question was 'Who threw the trash can at the principal's head?'"
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the local zoo.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Why was the anti-vaxxer's 4 year old child crying? Midlife crisis
Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson go camping. They put up their tent under the stars and go to sleep. Some time in the middle of the night, Holmes wakes Watson and says, 'Watson, look up at the sky and tell me what you see.' Watson says, 'I can see millions and millions of stars.' Holmes says, 'And what does it mean, Watson?' Watson replies, 'Well, if there are millions of stars, and even if a few of those stars have planets, then it's quite likely there are some planets like ours out there. And if there are planets like earth out there, there might also be life.' And Holmes says, 'Watson, you idiot, it means that someone has stolen our tent.'