Rhydon was the first Pokemon ever created.
A Pokemon with all 18 types would be weak to rock type Pokemon.
Xatu sees both past and future at the same time.
The only Pokemon character that can de-evolve is Slowbro, which will revert to a Slowpoke if the Shellder on its tail is taken away.
Slowpoke is considered a delicacy.
Cubone wears the skull of his dead mother.
Poliwag's swirl is based on tadpoles intestines.
Pokemon is short for "Pocket Monster."
Yamask is a dead human.
Although it was released in the fifth generation, Munna was mentioned in the first game.
Psychic type Pokemon are weak to bug, ghost, and dark type because they're common fears.
Azurill is the only Pokemon that can change gender.
Drowzee is based off of a tapir.
Pikachu's name is Japanese onomatopoeia for sparkle and squeaking.
Hitmonchan and Hitmonlee get their names from martial arts icons Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee.
The move Splash is a mistranslation for Hop.
Ditto was a failed attempt to copy Mew.
Each Spinda has a unique pattern of spots, and there are 4,294,967,296 different spinda patterns.
Smeargle can use almost every move in the game.
Wobuffet's main body is a decoy.
Ivysaur is the only Generation I Pokemon whose name begins with the letter I.
Fishing is possible in Pokemon red and blue gyms.
Bulbasaur is the only unevolved dual type starter Pokemon.
Venusaur is a combination of the words Venus which refers to the Venus Flytrap plant, and the Greek word saur, meaning lizard.
Weedle evolves at level 7, the lowest level required for any Pokemon to evolve by leveling up.
Raticate was classified as a Rat Pokemon in Pokemon Red and Blue, however, from Generation III onward, it is classified as a mouse.
Ekans spells snake backwards, which is also Ekans' species.
Sandshrew is based on an animal called the pangolin, it's a mammal that curls up into a ball, has sharp claws, and lives in desert regions.
Gold and Silver were originally planned as the final Pokemon games.
Pokemon Crystal was able to communicate with cell phones in Japan.
Ninetales is based on the same Japanese legend as a beast in the Naruto anime.
The Kanto region is based on a region in Japan with the same name.
Ash sees Ho-Oh in the first episode of the anime, years before it appears in Gold/Silver.
Female Pokemon in generation 2 can't be shiny.
The Pokemon character Koffing was originally going to be named Ny after New York, because of its smog. The same is true for Weezing, which was originally going to be name La, after Los Angeles.
The most valuable Pokemon cards are the Pikachu Illustrator Cards, worth as much as $100,000. Only a few of the cards exist.
Wobbuffet is the only fully evolved Pokemon that can't learn any TMs.
Rock Throw is the only physical Rock attack with no secondary effect.
Magneton is made by three Magnemite, yet weighs 10 times more. Magnemite weighs 13.2 pounds, but Magneton weighs 132 pounds.
The Nidorino that appears in Professor Oak's introduction in Red and Blue has the cry of a Nidorina.
Red and Blue only use 37 completely unique sound clips for cries. The sounds are played back in different ways for each Pokemon.
When Rotom is encountered, the music is the same as legendary encounters.
In the anime, the inside of Charizard's wings are colored green, but in the games, they are colored with more of a blue tint.
Deoxys was the first Pokemon to have its own unique battle music in-game.
Clefairy was originally set to be Ash's starter Pokemon in the anime, instead of Pikachu.
The only way to catch a Drifblim in DPP is on Friday at the Valley Windworks.
Before the 3rd gen, Voltorb couldnt learn any electric moves by leveling up.
Mudkip has the best stats of every single starter, and Swampert has the best stats of every final evolution of a starter.
Steven Stone will give you one of the Hoenn Starters in Heartgold Soulsilver if you beat Red at Mt. Silver
Cosmoem is the heaviest Pokemon at 2204.4 lbs, the same as Primal Groudon and Celesteela.
In the Japanese games Pokemon Red and Green, Nidoqueen weighs 6.0 kg instead of 60.0 kg (as it does in all other games).
In the Japanese game Pokemon Blue, Geodude weighs 2.0 kg instead of 20.0 kg (as it does in all other games).
Pokemon trainers weren't named until the 2nd gen. They just had classifications such as Bug Catcher, Swimmer, or Lass.
Many animal rights organizations tried to ban Pokemon because it hinted to animal cruelty.
Some intensely Christian priests and believers defy Pokemon and believe it is evil.
Lickitung cannot learn lick in Generation 3.
Sableye and Eelektross are the only Pokemon with no super effective weaknesses!
Shiny Pokemon weren't released until Generation 2.
The name Hoenn comes from the Japanese characters 'ho', meaning 'rich' and 'enn', meaning 'bond'.
The majority of the first pokemon games were developed by 9 people.
Ken Sugimori is responsible for designing all generation 1 pokemon. He still oversees the pokemon design team.
Ash Ketchum has never caught a fairy, steel, ghost, or psychic-type pokemon.
It took Snorlax' sprite 17 years and 8 months to stand up.
If a Spoink stops bouncing on its tail, its heart will stop.