> "You don't understand! I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I could've been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am." - On the Waterfront
> "Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn." - Gone with the wind
> "No, I am your father!" - Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back"
> "Compromise where you can, but where you can't, don't. Even if everyone is telling you that something wrong is something right. Even if the whole world is telling you to move. It is your duty to plant yourself like a tree, to look them in the eye and say, no, you move." - Captain America: Civil War
> "Just because something works, doesn't mean it can't be improved." - Black Panther
> "I can't control their fear, only my own." - Captain America: Civil War
> "I look around at us and you know what I see? Losers" I mean like, folks who have lost stuff. And you think life takes more than it gives, but not today. Today it's giving us something. It is giving us a chance." - Guardians of the Galaxy
> "It's an imperfect world but it's the only one we got." - Iron Man
> "Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to exit the donut." - Iron Man 2
> "We have a Hulk." - The Avengers
> "Doth mother know you weareth her drapes?" - The Avengers
> "I See Dead People." - The Sixth Sense
> "In Space, No One Can Hear You Scream." - Alien
> "I love the smell of napalm in the morning." - Apocalypse Now
> "E.T. phone home." - E.T.: The Extra-Terrestrial
> "Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship." - Casablanca
> "I am big! It's the pictures that got small." - Sunset Blvd
> "It's Bond. James Bond." - Casino Royale
> "Badges? We ain't got no badges! We don't need no badges! I don't have to show you any stinking badges!" - The Treasure of the Sierra Madre
> "That cold ain"t the weather. That"s death approaching." - 30 Days of Night
> "We medicals have a better way than that. When we dislike a friend of ours, we dissect him." - The Body Snatcher
> "One-stop shopping: everything you need, right at your fingertips." - Roger
> "Hey Pam! Remember when I said this car was death proof? Well, that wasn"t a lie. This car is 100% death proof. Only to get the benefit of it honey, you really gotta be sitting in my seat." - Death Proof
> "Well, since you"ll be leaving in the next couple of days, that rain check will be worthless. But that"s okay. I understand if I make you uncomfortable. You"re still a nice girl, and I still like you. But I must warn you of something " you know how people say "You"re okay in my book" or "In my book, that"s no good?" Well, I actually have a book. And everybody I ever meet goes in this book. And, now I"ve met you, and you"re going in the book! Except, I'm afraid I must file you" under" chicken shit." - Death Proof
> "I'd say I'm a pretty darn good father. My father tried to eat me, I don't remember trying to eat Timmy." - Fido
> "Something came out of the fog and tried to destroy us. In one moment, it vanished. But if this has been anything but a nightmare, and if we don't wake up to find ourselves safe in our beds, it could come again. To the ships at sea who can hear my voice: look across the water, into the darkness. Look for the fog." - The Fog
> "No tears please, it's a waste of good suffering." - Hellraiser
> "If I wanted to listen to an asshole, I'd fart." - House of 1000 corpses
> "You"re going to need a bigger boat." - Jaws
> "I'm your number one fan." - Misery
> "I got good news and bad news girls. The good news is your dates are here. The bad news is that they're dead." - Night of the Creeps
> "Whatever you do, don't fall asleep." - A Nightmare on Elm Street
> "You"ve got the body, I"ve got the brain." - A Nightmare on Elm Street 2
> "I don't get mad. I bake." - Prom Night III: The Last Kiss
> "I understand that the council has made a decision, but given that it's a stupid-ass decision, I"ve elected to ignore it." - The Avengers
> "You"re in a relationship with me. Everything will never be okay." - Iron Man 3
> "I can feel the righteousness surging. Hey, wanna have a rousing discussion about truth? Honor? Patriotism? God bless America!" - Thor: The Dark World
> "I should not be left in charge of stuff like this. I don't get paid enough. I don't get paid, period." - Thor: The Dark World
> "Before we get started, does anyone want to get out?" - Captain America 2
> "You said it yourself, bitch: We're the Guardians of the Galaxy." - Guardians of the Galaxy
> "Nothing goes over my head. My reflexes are too fast. I would catch it." - Guardians of the Galaxy
> "We are Groot." - Guardians of the Galaxy
> "The city is flying. We're fighting an army of robots. And I have a bow and arrow. None of this makes sense." - The Avengers: Age of Ultron
> "Anybody on our side hiding any shocking and fantastic abilities they'd like to disclose? I'm open to suggestions." - Captain America: Civil War
> "Just Wong? Like Adele? Or Aristotle? Drake, Bono, Eminem"" - Doctor Strange
> "I just keep imagining you waking up in the morning, sir, looking in the mirror and then in all seriousness saying to yourself, "You know what would be a really kickass name? Taserface!'" - Guardians of the Galaxy 2
> "I'm made of rocks, as you can see, but don't let that intimidate you. You don't need to be afraid, unless you"re made of scissors! Just a little rock-paper-scissors joke for you!" - Thor: Ragnarok
> "There was one time when we were children. He transformed himself into a snake, and he knows that I love snakes. So I went to pick up the snake to admire it, and he transformed back into himself and he was like, "Blech, it's me!" And he stabbed me. We were 8 at the time." - Thor: Ragnarok
> "The real question is, WHAT ARE THOOOOOOOSE?" - Black Panther
> "If you say one more word, I"ll feed you to my children! I'm kidding. We're vegetarians." - Black Panther
> "Dude, you"re embarrassing me in front of the wizards." - Avengers: Infinity War
> "What master do I serve? What am I supposed to say, Jesus?" - Avengers: Infinity War
> "You want a juice box and some string cheese?" - Ant-Man and The Wasp
> "If toast is cut diagonally, I can't eat it." - Avengers: Age of Ultron
> "Honestly, until this exact second, I thought you were a Build-a-Bear." - Avengers: Endgame
> "I get emails from a raccoon, so nothing sounds crazy." - Avengers: Endgame
> "That is America"s ass." - Avengers: Endgame
> "There"s no throne, there is no version of this, where you come out on top. Maybe your army comes and maybe it's too much for us, but it's all on you. Because if we can't protect the Earth, you can be damned well sure we"ll avenge it." - The Avengers
> "You never know. You hope for the best and make do with what you get." - Avengers: Age of Ultron
> "You know, I keep telling everybody they should move on and grow. Some do. But not us." - Avengers: Endgame
> "The hardest choices require the strongest wills" - Avengers: Infinity War.
> "Whatever happens tomorrow, you must promise me one thing. That you will stay who you are. Not a perfect soldier, but a good man." - Captain America: The First Avenger
> "The world has changed and none of us can go back. All we can do is our best, and sometimes the best that we can do is to start over." - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
> "We don't get to choose our time. Death is what gives life meaning. To know your days are numbered. Your time is short." - Doctor Strange
> "If you"re nothing without this suit, then you shouldn"t have it. Okay? God, I sound like my dad." - Spider-Man: Homecoming
> "There is nothing more reassuring than realizing that the world is crazier than you are." - Thor: The Dark World
> "We all know the truth: more connects us than separates us. But in times of crisis the wise build bridges, while the foolish build barriers. We must find a way to look after one another as if we were one single tribe." - Black Panther
> "Freedom. Freedom is life's great lie. Once you accept that, in your heart.. you will know peace." - The Avengers
> "In time, you will know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right. Yet to fail all the same. Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now, it's here. Or should I say, I am." - Avengers: Infinity War
> "We never lose our demons, Mordo. We only learn to live above them." - Doctor Strange
> "You could not live with your own failure. Where did that bring you? Back to me. I thought by eliminating half of life, the other half would thrive. But you"ve shown me, that"s impossible. And as long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist." - Avengers: Endgame
> "Perfectly balanced, as all things should be." - Avengers: Infinity War
> "Fun isn"t something one considers when balancing the universe. But this, does put a smile on my face." - Avengers: Infinity War
> "I used the stones to destroy the stones. And it nearly killed me. But the work is done, it always will be. I am inevitable." - Avengers: Endgame
> "With all six stones, I can simply snap my fingers, they would all cease to exist. I call that mercy." - Avengers: Infinity War
> "I ignored my destiny once, I can not do that again. Even for you. I'm sorry, little one." - Avengers: Infinity War
> "You should choose your words more carefully." - Avengers: Infinity War
> "Fine. I'll do it myself." - Avengers: Age of Ultron
> "I'm the only one who knows that. At least I'm the only who has the will to act on it." - Avengers: Infinity War
> "Sometimes you gotta run before you walk." - Iron Man
> "Is it better to be feared or respected? I say, is it too much to ask for both?" - Iron Man
> "Let's face it, this is not the worst thing you've caught me doing." - Iron Man
> "Give me a scotch. I'm starving." - Iron Man
> "Drop your socks and grab your Crocs, we're about to get wet on this ride." - Iron Man 2
> "I told you, I don't want to join your super secret boy band." - Iron Man 2
> "No hard feelings Point Break, you've got a mean swing.". - The Avengers
> "I'm a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster." - The Avengers
> "Uh, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist." - The Avengers
> "Better clench up, Legolas." - The Avengers
> "Have you ever tried shawarma? There"s a shawarma joint about two blocks from here." - The Avengers
> "Don't do anything I would do, and definitely don't do anything I wouldn't do..." - Spider-Man: Homecoming
> "I don't have friends. I got family." - Furious 7
> "Ogres are like onions." - Shrek
> "You have bewitched me, body and soul." - Pride & Prejudice
> "Pride is not the opposite of shame, but its source." - Avatar: The Last Airbender
> "Sharing tea with a fascinating stranger is one of life"s true delights." - Avatar: The Last Airbender
> "As long as I'm confident with who I am, it doesn't matter what other people think." - Avatar: The Last Airbender
> "It's easy to do nothing, it's hard to forgive." - Avatar: The Last Airbender
> "Sometimes life is like this tunnel. You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you keep moving, you will come to a better place." - Avatar: The Last Airbender
> "Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not." - Avatar: The Last Airbender
> "You have come to the crossroads of your destiny. It is time for you to choose. It is time for you to choose good." - Avatar: The Last Airbender
> "The greatest illusion of this world is the illusion of separation. Things you think are separate and different are actually one and the same. We are all one people, but we live as if divided." - Avatar: The Last Airbender
> "If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you." - Taken
> "You complete me." - Jerry Maguire
> "You get hurt, hurt 'em back. You get killed... walk it off." - Avengers: Age of Ultron
> "I don't know if you've been in a fight before but there's usually not this much talking." - Captain America: Civil War
> "I know I'm asking a lot. But the price of freedom is high. It always has been. And it's a price I'm willing to pay. And if I'm the only one, then so be it. But I'm willing to bet I'm not." - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
> "Everything hurts and I'm dying." - Parks and Recreation
> "Just remember, every time you look up at the moon, I, too, will be looking at a moon. Not the same moon, obviously, That's impossible." - Parks and Recreation
> "The less I know about other people"s affairs, the happier I am. I'm not interested in caring about people. I once worked with a guy for three years and never learned his name. Best friend I ever had. We still never talk" - Parks and Recreation
> "If I keep my body moving, and my mind occupied at all times, I will avoid falling into a bottomless pit of despair." - Parks and Recreation
> "I wasn't listening but I strongly disagree with Phil." - Kirie
> "I'm fine. It's just that life is pointless and nothing matters and I'm always tired." - Parks and Recreation
> "Boss man, I wanna go home early. Ooh, hold on actually, hang on. Yeah, no, I wanna quit and never come here again." - Parks and Recreation
> "No matter what I do, literally nothing bad can happen to me. I'm like a white, male US Senator." - Parks and Recreation
> "We need to remember what's important in life. Friends, waffles, and work. Or waffles, friends, work. It doesn't matter. But work is third." - Parks and Recreation
> "If I had to have anybody tell me that I have cancer, I would want it to be me." - Parks and Recreation
> "If there were more food and fewer people, this would be a perfect party." - Parks and Recreation
> "I don't want to do things. I want to not do things." - Parks and Recreation
> "I also think it's pointless for a human to paint scenes of nature when they can go outside and stand in it." - Parks and Recreation
> "Veganism is the sad result of a morally corrupt mind. Reconsider your life." - Parks and Recreation
> "You may have thought you heard me say I wanted a lot of bacon and eggs, but what I said was: Give me all the bacon and eggs you have." - Parks and Recreation
> "Normally, if given a choice between doing something and nothing, I choose to do nothing, but I will do something if it helps someone else do nothing. I'd work all night if it meant nothing got done." - Parks and Recreation
> "If any of you need anything at all. Too bad, deal with your problems yourselves like adults." - Parks and Recreation